let's go Scout to do for Laura oh stop
it Scott to do for Laura do in case
you're new here on this channel guys
what we do here is every Friday we watch
the most hilarious clips we could
possibly find and we try not to laugh
now to accept this challenge guys it's
their smash like smash like if you win
and smash like if you lose it's a new
show I'm trying it out but anyway guys
let's freakin do this first off I
challenge the Irish green person he took
the challenge finally you know what I
gotta recognize it mark however not a
word
I bet he's shaking he came sleep at
night oh I never reacted PewDiePie's
reaction video that's what he's thinking
what's wrong with you how can you laugh
at this this is so sad
this is so sad Alexa can we hit 50,000
likes jack is making fun of you Alexa
you're just gonna take this york hour
just like Marc Alexa it is the most
advanced iPhone we've ever created and
I'd like to take more of your money
basically on monkey I mean it's a good
I'm not laughing
I am not laughing but that's a good mean
I said basically a monkey that just
snook I don't know basically a monkey me
too
me hi baby my cat I bet you I bet you
99% of people laughs come on what is he
doing don't ever explain the context out
of this the fact that I have no idea
where this is from just makes it so good
give me a good one
give me a good meat hey look it's me
No
what are you doing four legs you nuts a
poster lab it feels very real look like
I'm wielding this gun people should not
let me wind back up I mean how do you
talk like that I've said it before bad I
mean I'm amazed I'm amazed by Saxon
field we should know when I talk can you
tell okay oh my god wait if we just oh
my god at the same tell us beautiful oh
my god we're not gonna top that
beautiful little father figure he always
this good memes on March 15th and online
explosion occurred when ninja was joined
by it really bothers me how ninja
doesn't tie his pajama pants like I get
it you're wearing it as a meme but at
least tie them you're not a savage
hip-hop artist Drake for a game of
fortnight GI drink drink wanted a game
wanna do
I knew it was time for Drake to rise up
we have infiltrated the highest level of
your mainstream society prepare and fear
the day that gamers will finally rise
and take our rightful place as the
leaders of one hey you know what captain
Webber looks great I actually really
want to see it now that is that the
actual trailer right wait wait sorry
wait hold up what is the context here
what's the content just pieces of the
ceiling coming down
seconds later customers who'd packed
into sabroso Mexican Grill in Garden
Grove got the shock of their lives
but my dog woman came through the
ceiling dropping about 25 feet
patrons screamed that's hilarious
him that she was looking for the bus
stop she was looking for the bus stop
she was looking for the bus stop
of course sorry sorry some are stopped
I'm notorious for hating marble okay I
don't like them but can someone explain
I know this is a kind of thing rabble I
will make a statement and everyone will
fill me in and I will feel like an idiot
but why is she called Captain Marvel is
that not the dumbest name I have ever
heard for a superhero what is next
mr. DC universe person Hey look there he
is
what the heck what the frick guys I
don't get it
can you come up with any more it's like
you ran out of names what should we call
Captain Marvel copyright also now by
Disney what their threat games oh man
props for their creativity like you make
these random new movements they're like
I have no idea how anyone would
implement that into anything then I just
ran through a sheep
[Music]
watch this video that's alright I do the
same and this is I do that to you
PewDiePie son Johnny very doable
I will be vaping with Julia Saudi and
Peralta
hey we were able to get on telly atiba
it isn't right
I can't uh-huh this is too sweet I can't
[Music]